# **Wikipingdia**

#### Bryan Bingham, Nick DeWitt, Nadine Perez, Paul Pietsch

For our project we created a web application similar to Wikipedia and Testudo combined for the College of Information Studies at the University of Maryland, College Park. We’ve decided to call this platform the WikiPINGdia. We chose this name when we came up with the project in our INST335 class by combining the name of the platform Wikipedia with our professor Ping Wang. This website will feature information on the Information Science major. To be more specific, it will include links to textbooks and course materials needed for class, syllabi, test and quiz banks, courses provided, reviews and evaluations on courses and professors, “tweets” of updates, other social media updates, jobs and internships offered, etc. This information will be created partly by a team that uploads the information that requires department approval and partly by a collaborative wiki that will contribute to reviews, descriptions, file uploads, etc..

Our web app will serve not only the students of the information science department, but also the professors, TAs, and even prospective students considering applying to the major. Most of our data will be simple. Information about classes and the department will be sourced from Testudo, various social media departments, and the iSchool website and information such as profiles, reviews, and file uploads will be handled by user contribution to wiki pages and verified uploads to profiles (ie a teacher updating their own profile on the website). In order to contribute to the wiki aspect of our web application, or edit your profile as a teacher or TA, you will have to be verified as a UMD student, so we will also have to collect user information of those who wish to contribute.
